JavaScript capstone project - TheMealDB API-based webApp
In this PR, we implemented the following features:

We have selected TheMealDB API
We fetched a list of items with detailed informationa from the selected API based on unique item id .
We used Involvement API to record the different user interactions (likes, comments, and reservations).
we built three interfaces: the home page, the comments popup, and the reservations popup.
When the home page loads, the web app retrieves data from:
- The selected API and shows the list of items on the screen.
- The Involvement API to show the item likes.
When the user clicks on the Like button of an item, the interaction is recorded in the Involvement API and the screen is
updated.
When the user clicks on the "Comments" button, the Comments popup appears.
When the user clicks on the "Reservations" button, the Reservations popup appears.
When the comment popup loads, the web app retrieves data from:
- The selected API and shows details about the selected item.
- The Involvement API to show the item comments._
When the user clicks on the "Comment" button, the data is recorded in the Involvement API and the screen is updated.
When the reservation popup loads, the web app retrieves data from:
- The selected API and shows details about the selected item.
- The Involvement API to show the item reservations.
When the user clicks on the "Reserve" button, the data is recorded in the Involvement API and the screen is updated.
We created the counter function for all (home page, comments popup, and reservation popup) interfaces.


   Dear [Student Success team member Name],
I’m writing to inform you that [Project or Activity Name] is behind schedule. I apologize for the delay.
I missed the last [number of days] and am unsure how long this will go on. The challenge I am currently facing is [explain the challenge you face as clearly as possible and in a professional way].
I would like to ask for your advice on how to handle my absence [you can also simply request a leave of absence].
Sincerely,
[Your Name]



I always try to understand the problem before I start doing and if there is a blocker, I always ask my partners for help.

